gh-103143: Polish pdb help messages and doc strings (#103144)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-03-31-01-13-00.gh-issue-103143.6eMluy.rst

> Polish help message and docstrings of :mod:`pdb`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polish the help messages and docstrings of :mod:`pdb`.
```
